feat: add `math/base/special/lcmf` (#3096)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/math/base/special/lcmf/README.md

<!-- Package usage documentation. -->

<section class="usage">

## Usage

```javascript
var lcmf = require( '@stdlib/math/base/special/lcmf' );
```

### lcmf( a, b )

Computes the [least common multiple][lcm] for two single-precision floating-point numbers `a` and `b`.

```javascript
var v = lcmf( 10, 12 );
// returns 60
```

If either `a` or `b` is `0`, the function returns `0`.

```javascript
var v = lcmf( 0, 12 );
// returns 0
```

Both `a` and `b` must have integer values; otherwise, the function returns `NaN`.

```javascript
var v = lcmf( 3.14, 12 );
// returns NaN

v = lcmf( NaN, 12 );
// returns NaN
```

</section> 

<!-- /.usage --> 

<!-- Package usage notes. Make sure to keep an empty line after the `section` element and another before the `/section` close. --> 

<section class="notes"> 

</section> 

<!-- /.notes --> 

<!-- Package usage examples. --> 

<section class="examples">

## Examples

<!-- eslint no-undef: "error" -->

```javascript
var lcmf = require( '@stdlib/math/base/special/lcmf' );

var v;
var i;

for ( i = 0; i < 100; i++ ) {
	a = round( randu()*50 );
	b = round( randu()*50 );
	v = lcm( a, b );
	console.log( 'lcmf(%d,%d) = %d', a, b, v );

> }

Reviewer: The imports for `round` and `randu` functions are missing here.

<section class="intro">

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<!-- C usage documentation. -->

<section class="usage">

### Usage

```c
#include "stdlib/math/base/special/lcmf.h"
```

### stdlib_base_lcmf( a, b )

Computes the [least common multiple][lcm] for two single-precision floating-point numbers `a` and `b`.

```c
float v = stdlib_base_lcmf( 10.0f, 12.0f );
// returns 60.0f
```

The function accepts the following arguments:

-   **a**: `[in] float` input value.
-   **b**: `[in] float` input value.

```c
float stdlib_base_lcmf( const float a, const float b );
```

</section>

<!-- /.usage -->

<!-- C API usage notes. Make sure to keep an empty line after the `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="notes">

</section>

<!-- /.notes -->

<!-- C API usage examples. -->

<section class="examples">

### Examples

```c
#include "stdlib/math/base/special/lcmf.h"
#include <stdio.h>

int main( void ) {
    const float a[] = { 24.0f, 32.0f, 48.0f, 116.0f, 33.0f };
    const float b[] = { 12.0f, 6.0f, 15.0f, 52.0f, 22.0f };

    float out;
    int i;
    for (i = 0; i < 5; i++) {

>         out = lcmf(a[i], b[i]);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        out = stdlib_base_lcmf( a[ i ], b[ i ] );
```

>         printf("lcm(%f, %f) = %f\n", a[i], b[i], out);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        printf( "lcm(%f, %f) = %f\n", a[ i ], b[ i ], out );
```

<!--

@license Apache-2.0

> Copyright (c) 2024 The Stdlib Authors.
> 
> you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copyright (c) 2024 The Stdlib Authors.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
```

Reviewer: We only change the copyright year in the license.

You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

-->

# lcmf

> Compute the [least common multiple][lcm] of two single-precision floating-point numbers.

<!-- Section to include introductory text. Make sure to keep an empty line after the intro `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="intro">

The [least common multiple][lcm] (lcm) of two non-zero integers `a` and `b` is the smallest positive integer that is divisible by both `a` and `b`. The lcm is also known as the **lowest common multiple** or **smallest common multiple** and finds common use in calculating the **lowest common denominator** (lcd).

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<!-- Package usage documentation. -->

<section class="usage">

## Usage

```javascript
var lcmf = require( '@stdlib/math/base/special/lcmf' );
```

> ### lcmf(a,b)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### lcmf( a, b )
```

> Computes the [least common multiple][lcm] for two single-precision floating-point numbers `a` and `b`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Computes the [least common multiple][lcm] for two single-precision floating-point numbers `a` and `b`.
```

```javascript

> var v = lcmf( 10.0,12.0 );

Reviewer: ```suggestion
var v = lcmf( 10, 12 );
```

// returns 60
```

> If either number is less than 1, the function returns `0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If either `a` or `b` is `0`, the function returns `0`.
```

```javascript

> var v = lcmf( 0.0, 12.0 );

Reviewer: ```suggestion
var v = lcmf( 0, 12 );
```

// returns 0

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> v = lcmf( -5.0, 12.0 );

Reviewer: ```suggestion
v = lcmf( -5, 12 );
```

Reviewer: This example doesn't fit here, as we need to show examples where at least one argument is 0. Also, we find the LCM of absolute values in our implementation, so this won't evaluate to 0.

> // returns 0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// returns 60
```

> v = lcmf( -5.0, 12.0 );
> // returns 0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: This example doesn't fit here, as we need to show examples where at least one argument is 0. Also, we find the LCM of absolute values in our implementation, so this won't evaluate to 0.

Author: yeah sure

```

> The inputs must be valid floating-point numbers; otherwise, the function returns `NaN`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both `a` and `b` must have integer values; otherwise, the function returns `NaN`.
```

```javascript

> var v = lcmf( 3.14, 12.0 );

Reviewer: ```suggestion
var v = lcmf( 3.14, 12 );
```

// returns NaN

> v = lcmf( NaN, 12.0 );

Reviewer: ```suggestion
v = lcmf( NaN, 12 );
```

// returns NaN
```

</section> 

<!-- /.usage --> 

<!-- Package usage notes. Make sure to keep an empty line after the `section` element and another before the `/section` close. --> 

<section class="notes"> 

</section> 

<!-- /.notes --> 

<!-- Package usage examples. --> 

<section class="examples">

## Examples

<!-- eslint no-undef: "error" -->

```javascript
var lcmf = require( '@stdlib/math/base/special/lcmf' );

var v;
var i;

for ( i = 1; i <= 10; i++ ) {
    v = lcmf( i, 12 );
    console.log( 'lcm(%d, 12) = %d', i, v );

> }

Reviewer: This is not correct. We should generate numbers from a suitable PRNG, and then use them. For reference: https://github.com/stdlib-js/stdlib/blob/develop/lib/node_modules/%40stdlib/math/base/special/lcm/examples/index.js

```

</section>

<!-- /.examples -->

<!-- C interface documentation. -->

* * *

<section class="c">

## C APIs

<!-- Section to include introductory text. Make sure to keep an empty line after the intro `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="intro">

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<!-- C usage documentation. -->

<section class="usage">

### Usage

```c
#include "stdlib/math/base/special/lcmf.h"
```

> ### stdlib_base_lcmf( a,b )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### stdlib_base_lcmf( a, b )
```

> Computes the [least common multiple][lcm] for  two floating-point numbers `a` and `b`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Computes the [least common multiple][lcm] for two single-precision floating-point numbers `a` and `b`.
```

Reviewer: The descriptions of both C and JS implementations must match.

```c

> float v = stdlib_base_lcmf( 10.0, 12.0 );

Reviewer: ```suggestion
float v = stdlib_base_lcmf( 10.0f, 12.0f );
```

Reviewer: As it is single-precision, we must use the `f` suffixes.

> // returns 60.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// returns 60.0f
```

```

> The function accepts the following argument:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The function accepts the following arguments:
```

-   **a**: `[in] float` input value.
-   **b**: `[in] float` input value.

```c

> double stdlib_base_lcmf( const float a, const float b );

Reviewer: ```suggestion
float stdlib_base_lcmf( const float a, const float b );
```

```

</section>

<!-- /.usage -->

<!-- C API usage notes. Make sure to keep an empty line after the `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="notes">

</section>

<!-- /.notes -->

<!-- C API usage examples. -->

<section class="examples">

### Examples

```c
#include "stdlib/math/base/special/lcmf.h"
#include <stdio.h>

int main( void ) {
    double v;
    v = stdlib_base_lcmf( 10.0, 12.0 );
    printf( "lcm(10.0, 12.0) = %lf\n", v );

> }

Reviewer: Here too, we must include multiple examples. You can follow what we have in the double-precision implementation: https://github.com/stdlib-js/stdlib/blob/develop/lib/node_modules/%40stdlib/math/base/special/lcm/README.md?plain=1#L188

```

</section>

<!-- /.examples -->

</section>

<!-- /.c -->

<!-- Section to include cited references. If references are included, add a horizontal rule *before* the section. Make sure to keep an empty line after the `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="references">

</section>

<!-- /.references -->

<!-- Section for related `stdlib` packages. Do not manually edit this section, as it is automatically populated. -->

<section class="related">

> * * *
> 
> ## See Also
> 
> -   <span class="package-name">[`@stdlib/math/base/special/gcd`][@stdlib/math/base/special/gcd]</span><span class="delimiter">: </span><span class="description">compute the greatest common divisor (gcd).</span>
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: This is filled automatically, we don't need to add them now.

</section>

<!-- /.related -->

<!-- Section for all links. Make sure to keep an empty line after the `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="links">

[lcm]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Least_common_multiple

<!-- <related-links> -->

> [@stdlib/math/base/special/gcd]: https://github.com/stdlib-js/stdlib/tree/develop/lib/node_modules/%40stdlib/math/base/special/gcd
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: Same here too.

<!--

@license Apache-2.0

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Copyright (c) 2024 The Stdlib Authors.

```

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

-->

# lcmf

> > Compute the [least common multiple][lcm] of all integers from 1 up to a specified integer \( n \).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Compute the [least common multiple][lcm] of two single-precision floating-point numbers.
```

<!-- Section to include introductory text. Make sure to keep an empty line after the intro `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="intro">

> The [least common multiple][lcm] of a set of integers is the smallest positive integer that is divisible by each number in the set. This function computes the LCM[lcm] for all integers from 1 up to a given integer \( n \), which is especially useful in various mathematical and computational applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [least common multiple][lcm] (lcm) of two non-zero integers `a` and `b` is the smallest positive integer that is divisible by both `a` and `b`. The lcm is also known as the **lowest common multiple** or **smallest common multiple** and finds common use in calculating the **lowest common denominator** (lcd).
```

Reviewer: We can match this with what we have in [`math/base/special/lcm`](https://github.com/stdlib-js/stdlib/blob/develop/lib/node_modules/%40stdlib/math/base/special/lcm/README.md?plain=1#L29).

<!-- /.intro -->

<!-- Package usage documentation. -->

<section class="usage">

## Usage

```javascript
var lcmf = require( '@stdlib/math/base/special/lcmf' );
```

### lcmf( a, b )

Computes the [least common multiple][lcm] for two single-precision floating-point numbers `a` and `b`.

```javascript
var v = lcmf( 10, 12 );
// returns 60
```

If either `a` or `b` is `0`, the function returns `0`.

```javascript
var v = lcmf( 0, 12 );
// returns 0
```

Both `a` and `b` must have integer values; otherwise, the function returns `NaN`.

```javascript
var v = lcmf( 3.14, 12 );
// returns NaN

v = lcmf( NaN, 12 );
// returns NaN
```

</section> 

<!-- /.usage --> 

<!-- Package usage notes. Make sure to keep an empty line after the `section` element and another before the `/section` close. --> 

<section class="notes"> 

</section> 

<!-- /.notes --> 

<!-- Package usage examples. --> 

<section class="examples">

## Examples

<!-- eslint no-undef: "error" -->

```javascript
var randu = require( '@stdlib/random/base/randu' );
var round = require( '@stdlib/math/base/special/round' );
var lcmf = require( '@stdlib/math/base/special/lcmf' );

var v;
var i;

for ( i = 0; i < 100; i++ ) {

> 	a = round( randu()*50 );

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	a = round( randu() * 50 );
```

> 	b = round( randu()*50 );

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	b = round( randu() * 50 );
```
